c:\users\remy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\bin\Debug\LoginSystem.dll
c:\users\remy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\bin\Debug\LoginSystem.pdb
c:\users\remy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\bin\Debug\LoginSystem.dll.mdb
c:\users\remy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\bin\Debug\LoginSystem.LoginSystem.apk
c:\users\remy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\bin\Debug\LoginSystem.LoginSystem-Signed.apk
c:\users\remy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\LoginSystem.dll
c:\users\remy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\LoginSystem.pdb
c:\users\remy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\android\bin\LoginSystem.LoginSystem.apk
c:\users\remy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\remy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\remy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\remy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\remy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\remy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\LoginSystem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\remy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\drawable\buttonsigninstyle.xml
c:\users\remy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\drawable\buttonsignupstyle.xml
c:\users\remy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\drawable\progressbarstyle.xml
c:\users\remy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\layout\dialog_sign_up.xml
c:\users\remy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\drawable\swicon.png
c:\users\remy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\drawable\swicon2.png
c:\users\remy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\drawable\edit_text_style.xml
C:\Users\Remy\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\anim\slide_up.xml
C:\Users\Remy\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\anim\slide_right.xml
C:\Users\Remy\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
